Team Log

September 21st, 2023
Abilash: Created Repository and added all team members as collaborators in the repository. Discussed with team and came up with our team name. Created subfolders for Sprint 2,3, and 4. Also created all files in the Sprint 1 subfolder. Registered for Github Pro since, as the repository creator, I needed it to enable the wiki feature. Assisted Joerex in creating the key points in the README file. Total time spent was 1.5 hours
Killian: Revamped the ReadME file by changing some wording and adding HTML. Got our team name conveyed to our TA. Created subfolder for Sprint 1. Wrote the meeting minutes file for our first meeting on 9/21/2023. Decided with teammates on the tech stack we want to use for this project. Total time spent was 1.5 hours.
Joerex: Wrote the key points in the README file such as the description of the project, the roles of each team member, and the project technology. Did research on how GitHub methods work such as commit, push, and branch commands. Communicated with teammates on splitting the tasks and project requirements. This activity took approximately an hour and thirty minutes. 
Kateryna: Wrote all 4 user stories with the acceptance criteria and priority for each. This activity took approximately 2 hours.
Penoelo: I assisted my teammate in familiarizing themselves with GitHub and the GitHub Desktop application .This activity took 1.5 hours.
Nabih: I researched how we use GitHub, with the help of my teammates I learned about the methods such as commit, push and branch commands. Discussed with the team about tasks, user stories, name of our website. This activtiy took roughly 1.5 hours. Additionally, I familirized myself with our frontend framework (React) by learning and resarching about it online. This took about 2 hours.

September 25th, 2023
Abilash: Since I signed up for github Pro, I was able to enable the wiki feature. As a team, we read the stories created by Kate and discussed the necessary requirements to be completed for Sprint 2. We wrote the plan for the next sprint in the wiki page. I contributed ideas and suggestions on how we can split the tasks to complete the project efficiently. I also spent some time outside the meeting to style the wiki page task breakdown.  Total time spent was 1 hour and 15 minutes
Killian: As a complete group, planned the team's timeline and individual roles for Sprint 2. Completing this all under the wiki page. This took 1 hour total.
Joerex: Went over all the necessary requirements for Sprint 1. Discussed the necessary requirements to be completed for Sprint 2. Split the tasks and gave my thoughts on how the activities could be complemented in time.This took us an hour.
Kateryna: Discussed the Sprint 1 requirements, mostly the part planning the next sprint and breaking the tasks. Talked about the wireframes of the web as an important thing to begin with before moving further. Contributed to future tasks ideas and splitting the work. Total time spent: 1 hour 
Penoelo: Went over requirements for sprint 1, started forcasting sprint 2 and took the time to establish what the team should be expecting from each member. This took 1 hour
Nabih: Discussed the sprint 1 requirements. Contributed in the writing of the wiki page. We then tried to plan the for the next sprint. Proposed to do frontend tasks in the task breakdown. Wrote down the minutes of the meeting. That took 1h and 15 minutes.

September 28th, 2023
Abilash:
Killian: Updated the ReadME with the new chosen tech stack. Explained the rationale behind the choice, by providing an assessment of 3 front end and back end frameworks. Also added the usage & installation guidelines to ReadME. Discussed the sprint 2 plan with the team. Total time spent: 1.5hrs.
Joerex: Completed the necessary informations for Issue #2 in the product backlog spreadsheet. Contributed my ideas and inputs for other issues in the product backlog.Disucussed with the back-end team on how to approach the upcoming weeks for Sprint #2. Completed some research on MERN software stack. Total time spent: 1H 30mins. 
Kateryna: Contributed to creating the product backlog table, discussed and wrote down two user stories/tasks and completed the table for the two (with Abilash). Discussed as a team our realistic plan for sprint 2. Total time spent: 1.5h
Penoelo:
Nabih:

September 29th, 2023
Abilash:
Killian: Met with team to finalize details needed for sprint 1 submission. Updated the wiki and ReadME. Wiki was updated with product log and new MERN stack information. ReadME now includes the server we are using to host the webapp. Total time spent: 45min.
Joerex: As a whole group, delegated tasks to each team member to wrap up Sprint #1. Communicated recommendations for the other issue number's in the spreadsheet table. Did some research on real-estate wesbite to determine important information to add in our website. Total time spent: 1 Hour
Kateryna: Talked about wrapping up sprint 1, discussed missing parts and distributed the tasks left with the team, worked on missing user stories to complete the table. Total time spent: 45 min
Penoelo:
Nabih: Met with the team, discussed what was missing to wrap sprint 1. Then we divided the tasks, and i proceeded to contribute to the user stories. Total time spent : 45 mins
