11/16/2023:
Abilash - Alongside Kate, we discussed what needs to be done to style the website and how to enhance visual representation. Brainstormed new features to add. Broke down the tasks to do and assigned them to each person. Time spent: 1 hour
Killian - Completed the mortgage calculator core feature alongside Joerex. Time spent: 1h45
Joerex -  Alongside Killian, we programmed the Mortage Calculator. We both performed our research on Mortgage Calculators using the links provided by the Professor. Later on,the mortage calculator was implemented in the front-end using the React framework. Time spent: 1 hour 45 mins.
Nabih -  Discussed with the team the features left to do. Fixed bugs in the "My offers" page. Fixed the bug related to the registering page. Time spent : 2 hours
Peno -  Works on CI-CD issues and implementing testing. Time spent : 2 hours
Kate - Discussed the Founders page with Abilash and how to ehnance visual representation of the website. Broke down the tasks for the user story 10. Started creating the Founders page and its components. Time spent: 45 min.

11/18/2023:
Peno -  Works on CI-CD issues and implementing testing. Time spent : 2 hours

11/25/2023:
Peno -  Works on CI-CD issues and implementing testing. Time spent : 2 hours
Kate - Finished the Founders page and its design, changed the visual representation of the header of the website. Time spent: 1 hour.

11/26/2023:
Abilash - As a team, we assigned tasks to each other so that we could finish Spritn 4 on time. We discussed what was accomplished so far and what needs to be finished. Discussed what to do for final oral presentation. I worked on styling after the discussion. Time spent: 4 hours
Killian - Met and assigned tasks for the remaining sprint as a team. Discussed the presentation. Made my presentation slides. Time spent: 1h30
Joerex -  As a team, we delegated each other tasks to finish Sprint 4 by covering what work was finished and what was needed. Updated the team on the tasks that needed to be done for the Final Oral Presentation. Time spent: 1 hour
Nabih -  Worked on styling the "My offers", "Offer management" and "My properties" pages. Fixed some minor bugs. Time spent 2 hours
Peno -  Works on CI-CD issues and implementing testing. Time spent : 2 hours
Kate - Created user acceptance tests for the sprint 4 user stories. Participated in the team meeting to wrap up sprint 4 and to plan the final presentation. Time spent: 2 hours 

11/27/2023:
Killian - Alongside Nabih we merged all branches into one. Time spent: 30min
Nabih - Alongside Killian we merged the branches and made sure there was no conflicts. Time spent: 30 min
